README.md, before:

# Kiro Spec In Claude Code

## 背景

在 Vibe Coding 如火如荼的期间，Kiro 将 Spec 这种开发方式带入了 IDE 中。让大家能够更加容易进行 Vibe Coding。
Kiro 用起来就像是一个技术经理，它和你一起梳理需求（Requirements）、设计方案（Design）、制定计划（Task）。以这种方式，尽可能与 AI 对齐需求，尽可能保证提供给 AI 准确的 Context。也是 Context Enginerring 的一种实现方式。

> 有经验的开发者应该都知道应该这个流程和方式，大家的形式或者说方法可能是不一致的。Krio 的好处是：它将这个流程内置到了 IDE 中，让更多不会开发的人也可以 Vibe Coding :)

## Kiro Spec

### Spec 的三个阶段

每一个 Spec 目录下都包含 3 个文件，代表三个阶段：

1️⃣ requirements.md

- 需求文档
- 用户故事和验收标准
- 采用[EARS](https://visuresolutions.com/zh-CN/%E7%94%9F%E6%B4%BB%E6%8C%87%E5%8D%97/%E9%87%87%E7%94%A8%E8%80%B3%E6%9C%B5%E7%AC%A6%E5%8F%B7/) 规范编写

2️⃣ design.md

- 架构文档
- 记录技术架构
- 序列图和实施注意事项

3️⃣ tasks.md

- 任务清单
- 提供具体的 todolist
- 便于跟踪项目进度

## Claude Code Spec

Claude Code 支持 [Custom Command](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/common-workflows#create-custom-slash-commands) ，那么就可以将 Kiro 的 System Prompt 中 Spec 的部分定义一个 `spec` 命令，以此在 Claude Code 中实现 Spec 的流程。

那么，如何实现 Kiro In Claude Code 呢？我们拢共分为三步：

1. 获取 [Kiro System Prompt](./kiro-system-prompt.md)
2. 定制 [Spec Prompt](./spec.md)
3. 实现 Spec Command `mv spec.md ~/.claude/commands/spec.md`

## 效果

### Requirements

使用 `/spec` 命令和 Claude Code 聊需求：

![requirement](./spec.png)

### Design

![design](./design.png)

### Tasks

说明：在 spec.md 中去掉了 Task 部分，因为 Claude Code 自己实现了 Task 的部分，它擅长用 Todo 来管理任务。

![tasks](./task.png)

Spec 对应的文件会在项目的 `.claude` 目录下生成。例如：

```
❯ tree .claude/specs
.claude/specs
├── read-multiple-files-tool
│   ├── design.md
│   └── requirements.md
```

Commit message:

Translate documentation to English while preserving technical content and scripts

README.md, after:

# Kiro Spec In Claude Code

## Background

During the height of Vibe Coding, Kiro brought the Spec development approach into the IDE. This makes Vibe Coding much easier for everyone.
Kiro works like a technical manager, collaborating with you to clarify requirements, design solutions, and plan tasks. This approach aligns requirements with AI as much as possible and ensures accurate context is provided to AI. It's also an implementation of Context Engineering.

> Experienced developers should be familiar with this process and approach. Everyone's form or method may be inconsistent. The benefit of Kiro is that it integrates this process into the IDE, allowing even those who don't know how to code to participate in Vibe Coding :)

## Kiro Spec

### The Three Stages of Spec

Each Spec directory contains 3 files representing three stages:

1️⃣ requirements.md

- Requirements document
- User stories and acceptance criteria
- Written using the [EARS](https://visuresolutions.com/en/living-guides/ears-requirements/) standard

2️⃣ design.md

- Architecture document
- Records technical architecture
- Sequence diagrams and implementation considerations

3️⃣ tasks.md

- Task list
- Provides specific todo list
- Facilitates project progress tracking

## Claude Code Spec

Claude Code supports [Custom Command](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/common-workflows#create-custom-slash-commands), so we can define a `spec` command for the Spec portion of Kiro's System Prompt, thereby implementing the Spec workflow in Claude Code.

So, how do we implement Kiro In Claude Code? We divide it into three steps:

1. Obtain [Kiro System Prompt](./kiro-system-prompt.md)
2. Customize [Spec Prompt](./spec.md)
3. Implement Spec Command `mv spec.md ~/.claude/commands/spec.md`

## Results

### Requirements

Use the `/spec` command to discuss requirements with Claude Code:

![requirement](./spec.png)

### Design

![design](./design.png)

### Tasks

Note: The Task section has been removed from spec.md because Claude Code implements its own Task section. It excels at managing tasks with Todo lists.

![tasks](./task.png)

The corresponding Spec files will be generated in the project's `.claude` directory. For example:

```
❯ tree .claude/specs
.claude/specs
├── read-multiple-files-tool
│   ├── design.md
│   └── requirements.md
```
